https://codepen.io/krsnyder/full/yLaRzqq

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	
	Elements whose tags are descriptive of the elements function within the webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

	Rules for telling browsers how to display web pages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

	commands placed inside an element's opening tag to aid in css/javascript coding

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

	The main header, it should only be used once because it is used in SEO, and for things like screen readers 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

	image and anchor tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

	metadata describing properties of the document
 
    7. What is an id? 

	an attribute used to address a single element for css/javascript

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

	I believe any HTML element. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

	only once

    10. What is a class? 

	An attribute for addressing a group of related elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

	Any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

	As many times as appropriate for the job.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

	by using an anchor element <a>

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

	For specifying alternative text that screen readers can use, or as a backup description in the event of a broken link

    15. How do I reference an id?

	By using the # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

	section is symantic and describes a group of related content whereas div is a general use/non-symantic element.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

	styling web content

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

	h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

	a class is applied to multiple related elements such as the different paragraphs on a news site. An id is for something that only appears once on a page, like a footer or navbar.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

	.classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

	.human{ }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

	A selector for specifying the child or children of a parent. This would be useful if you wanted to adjust 
	the properties of every picture in a gallery without changing pictures used elsewhere on the page

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

	.sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

	A selector used during certain states of the element, like when the mouse is hovering over it or before/after a link has been clicked.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

	the line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

	the letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

	text-transform: capitals; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

	div {border: 1px dotted black}

    29. How do I select everything on the page?

	* {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

	/* This is a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

	rm filename - you must be careful because the terminal does not ask you if you are sure

    34. Why should I use version control? 

	To easily track progress on a project and collaborate with other people without changing the master version of the program

    35. How often should I commit to github?

	Anytime you have a working feature to be added to the final project

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

	git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

	A quick and easy question....

	1. First you fork so you have your own version of the repo
	2. Next you clone the repo which basically adds the files locally so you can work on them
	3. After you have the files locally you have to create a new branch,
	this is similar to forking in that it allows you to work on the project without
	any risk to the original product.
	4. Now you can work on the project, after which you will add and commit the changes
	5. Next step is pushing all of your changes from your local machine to the web.
	6. After your changes are pushed, create a pull request to let team members know
	you have committed changes and they can be reviewed and implemented.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	An inline element does not effect the surrounding elements whereas a block level element requires it's own line on the page.
 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

	The element's position is determined by it's immediate parent

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	
	{display: inline-block;}
	
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

	<h>, <p>, and <ul> are block; <span> & <a> are inline; button is inline-block by default.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

	The box model describes the convention used for adjusting the layout of a webpage. Every element is thought of to be inside multiple boxes whose dimensions can be 
	adjusted to get the exact layout you want. The problem with this is it is not responsive to different viewports and is difficult to get perfect - you have to make dozens
	of little adjustments to get things exactly where you want them. By using the {box-sizing: border-box} property, the border and padding of a box are now included
	in an elements width.




   --> 

